Of course, we still have to take into account that our work may not be perfect, in observational studies there are observed and unobserved covariates, and their consideration (or not) can shift the results completely. One of these factors, for example, could be the participant as not all people who play Wikispeedia have the same knowledge about all categories. By not controlling this confounder, we could have two different participants with different knowledge, one in the treatment group and one in the control group. The one with more knowledge would do better and probably not because the target article is European or not. 

Another unobserved covariate could be the date on which each path was played. The world changes very quickly and people are often more aware of events that happened recently. This is why a participant who played the game in 2008 can play very differently than one who played in 2012 as their focus is on different events. Our dataset contained date information, the problem is that from 2008 to 2011 only the completed paths were included, so our analysis would either be too biased or too incomplete. Therefore, we decided to not include it in the matching.

These are some examples of confounders that were not taken into account in this study but even further analysis could be done on unobserved covariates like sensitivity analysis. What we intend to say with this final comment is that we should always be skeptical about our results and not take them for granted.
