For our first objective, we need to classify the articles geographically, more specifically in continents. We talked before about “geotagged” articles, this information is contained in the metadata of Wikipedia articles. Unfortunately, we don’t have access to this kind of metadata. For our classification, we first performed it manually based on the categories that gave geographical information but it was not enough. Luckily our beloved friend ChatGPT came to the rescue, we politely asked to classify the articles of the dataset into Africa, Antarctica, Asia, Europe, the Middle East, North America, Australia, South America, and International given the names of the articles. A few assumptions were made here, note that Central America and Oceania are not considered. The reason behind this decision is that in our initial dataset, geography articles like countries were labeled with the categories that we sent to ChatGPT. This way we were able to compare the results from ChatGPT to the ones in our dataset, at least for the geography category. As we were not considering Central America, ChatGPT considered those countries as North America while our dataset considered them as South America. In this case, we kept the dataset classification. As can be seen, the Middle East is a category because it was also a category in the initial dataset. In this case, we decided to relabel all the articles labeled as Middle East as Asia. To wrap up our classification we merged ChatGPTs with ours and classified the discrepancies manually to ensure a better outcome, we also discarded all those articles classified as International.

At this point, we are ready to go for a first naive analysis of the data. Does Wikispeedia’s excerpt have a bias towards Europe?

{% include plots/articles_count_per_continent_pie.html %}

It seems it does, at least in terms of the number of articles, there are many more articles classified as Europe. What about the presence of geography in the categories?

{% include plots/articles_count_per_category_bar.html %}

{% include plots/articles_count_per_category_pie.html %}

We can also observe a majority of European representation in most of the categories. This makes sense, if Wikipedia has more articles geotagged in Europe and NA it is not surprising that Wikispeedia does as well… but, what about NA? Well, we should always bear in mind that Wikispeedia is an excerpt of Wikipedia that is specifically targeted around the UK National Curriculum and that we discarded all International classified articles (many of international contributions have been done by NA).